feat: rate-limiting support (#315)
cloudfoundry/haproxy-boshrelease: README.md

bundle exec guard
```

#### PR Validation

> PRs will be automatically tested by https://concourse.cfi.sapcloud.io/teams/main/pipelines/haproxy-boshrelease once a maintainer has labelled the PR with the `approved` label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PRs will be automatically tested by https://concourse.cfi.sapcloud.io/teams/main/pipelines/haproxy-boshrelease once a maintainer has labelled the PR with the `run-ci` label
```
```suggestion
PRs will be automatically tested by https://concourse.cfi.sapcloud.io/teams/main/pipelines/haproxy-boshrelease once a maintainer has labelled the PR with the `approved` label
```

#### Unit Test Debugging

> Unit/rspec Tests can also be debugged when needed. See for example the [VSCode rdbg Ruby Debugger](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=KoichiSasada.vscode-rdbg) extension. You can follow the "Launch without configuration" instructions for the extension, just set the "Debug command line" input to `bundle exec rspec <filepath>`.

Reviewer 2: This section seems duplicated and should be merged with above
